Add developer tools used in CI checks to requirements and add documentation on their use in this project (#161)
joerick/pyinstrument: README.md

    pytest

> To run CI checks locally:
> 
>     pre-commit run --all-files
> 
> To format source code that fails `isort` or `black` checks:
> 
>     isort --skip env . --skip pyinstrument/vendor .
>     black .
> 
> To diagnose why `pyright` checks are failing:
> 
>     PYRIGHT_PYTHON_FORCE_VERSION=1.1.134 pyright
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run linting checks locally:

    pre-commit run --all-files

Some of the pre-commit checks, like `isort` or `black`, will auto-fix the problems they find. So if the above command returns an error, try running it again, it might succeed the second time :)

Running all the checks can be slow, you can also run checks individually, e.g. to format source code that fails `isort` or `black` checks:

    pre-commit run --all-files isort
    pre-commit run --all-files black

To diagnose why `pyright` checks are failing:

    pre-commit run --all-files pyright
```

Author: Made this change in [`235795ad`](https://github.com/joerick/pyinstrument/pull/161/commits/235795ad4551635819ad04719b19b6160dcc050f); the only additional edit I made to the text above was changing the substring "slow, you" to "slow, so you".
